check out this week's must-see movie 100
are included back
Vin Diesel reprises his athletes turned
operative role in XXX the return of
xander cave
okay
pardon me sir I think you have the wrong
car three girls are kidnapped by a
schizophrenic in M night Shyamalan
thriller was not meant to touch you
we're meant for something horrible I
never seen a restaurant like this Allah
ordered ready in 30 seconds about 30
minutes the founder tells the story of
Ray Kroc the man behind McDonough even
is going to be enough for you probably
never hear this week's anticipation
so what's your weekend to get going to
be let us know by commenting below see
you next time on weekend ticket
you
[Music]